---
layout: default
title: What are the various configurations your modems are available for?
faq_section: editions
excerpt: faqs under editions & configuration section
---

Our modems are available in the following configurations:

**Standalone Configuration**: The standalone configuration (SC) is designed with a pressure housing to support different deployment depths. It operates on an external power source, such as a battery for underwater deployments or a power supply when deployed from the water surface. This configuration offers maximum flexibility and reliability in a wide range of deployment scenarios. It ensures seamless and uninterrupted data transmission, even in challenging environments.

**OEM Configuration**: The OEM configuration (OC) is specifically tailored for seamless integration and adaptability. It is an ideal choice for incorporation into larger platforms, such as AUVs (Autonomous Underwater Vehicles),and sensors. The OEM configuration enables easy integration and provides versatility for diverse applications. For free flooded platforms, it also offers a pressure hull option.

**Multi-channel Configuration**: Our multi-channel modems come with multiple synchronous receiving channels, allowing for efficient processing and optimization of data transfer in a given environment. This configuration enhances communication performance by improving speed, reliability, and reducing errors and interference. The multi-channel configuration is particularly beneficial for applications that require high-speed and reliable underwater communication.

We are continually exploring and developing other configurations to cater to different use cases and evolving needs in the underwater communication domain. By expanding our range of configurations, we aim to provide comprehensive solutions that meet the specific requirements of our customers' diverse applications.
